# Instructions

We have a web server container running the nginx image. The access and error logs generated by the web server are not critical enough to be placed on a persistent volume. However, Nautilus developers need access to the last 24 hours of logs so that they can trace issues and bugs. Therefore, we need to ship the access and error logs for the web server to a log-aggregation service. Following the separation of concerns principle, we implement the Sidecar
 pattern by deploying a second container that ships the error and access logs from nginx. Nginx does one thing, and it does it well—serving web pages. The second container also specializes in its task—shipping logs. Since containers are running on the same Pod, we can use a shared emptyDir volume to read and write logs.

1. Create a pod named `webserver`.
2. Create an `emptyDir` volume `shared-logs`.
3. Create two containers from `nginx` and `ubuntu` images with `latest` tag only and remember to mention tag i.e `nginx:latest`, nginx container name should be `nginx-container` and ubuntu container name should be `sidecar-container` on webserver pod.
4. Add command on sidecar-container `"sh","-c","while true; do cat /var/log/nginx/access.log /var/log/nginx/error.log; sleep 30; done"`
5. Mount the volume `shared-logs` on both containers at location `/var/log/nginx`, all containers should be up and running.

`Note:` The `kubectl` utility on `jump_host` has been configured to work with the kubernetes cluster.

# Solution

Create a `webserver.yaml`

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: webserver
spec:
  volumes:
    - name: shared-logs
      emptyDir: {}
  containers:
    - name: nginx-container
      image: nginx:latest
      volumeMounts:
        - name: shared-logs
          mountPath: /var/log/nginx
    - name: sidecar-container
      image: ubuntu:latest
      command: ["sh", "-c", "while true; do cat /var/log/nginx/access.log /var/log/nginx/error.log; sleep 30; done"]
      volumeMounts:
        - name: shared-logs
          mountPath: /var/log/nginx
```

Create the pod using the `kubectl` command: `kubectl create -f webserver.yaml`

After creating the pod, you can verify the status of the pod and the containers using: `k get pods` / `k describe pod webserver`

```yaml
NAME        READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
webserver   2/2     Running   0          38s
```
